; Main categories
credits-devteam				=Dev Team
credits-publisherteam		=Publisher

credits-game-design			=Game/Systems Design
credits-map-design			=Map Design
credits-encounter-design	=Encounters Design
credits-programming			=Programming
credits-lead-artist			=Lead Artist
credits-sound				=Sound Effects
credits-music				=Music Composer
credits-story				=Story

; Sub Categories
credits-art-portraits		=Portraits
credits-art-maps			=Maps
credits-art-spells			=Visual Effects
credits-art-sprites			=Sprites
credits-art-ui				=UI
credits-art-characterdesign	=Character Design
credits-art-monsterdesign	=Creature Design
credits-art-intromovie		=Movie
credits-art					=Art

credits-extra-design		=Additional Design
credits-extra-character		=Additional Character Design
credits-writing-desc		=Equipment Descriptions

credits-programming-extra	=Abilities XML System

credits-writing				=Dialogue Writing
credits-character-writing	=Character Events Writing
credits-events				=Cutscenes Design & Scripting

credits-manual-layout		=Manual Layout
credits-manual-art			=Manual Art

credits-thanks				=Special Thanks
credits-thanks-steam		=Forums Moderator

credits-backers				=Backers
credits-backers-bronze		=Bronze Backers
credits-backers-silver		=Silver Backers
credits-backers-gold		=Gold Backers
credits-backers-platinum	=Platinum Backers

credits-1c-title			=1C Entertainment
credits-1c-ceo				=CEO
credits-1c-loc				=Localization Producer
credits-1c-title2			=1C Publishing EU
credits-1c-managing			=Managing Director
credits-1c-business			=Business Development Director
credits-1c-producer			=Producer
credits-1c-managing2		=Publishing Managers
credits-1c-managing3		=Project Managers
credits-1c-marketing		=Marketing and PR

credits-loc-team			=QLOC S.A.
credits-1c-loc-title		=Localization by: {credits-loc-team}
credits-1c-loc-manager		=General Manager
credits-1c-loc-business		=Business Development Director
credits-1c-loc-director		=Director of Quality Assurance
credits-1c-loc-qa			=QA Compliance Managers
credits-1c-loc-qa2			=QA Lab Managers
credits-1c-loc-qa3			=QA Training Manager
credits-1c-loc-it			=IT Manager