; **** Ingredients ************

; Ingredients
; A
ing-00-name =Snakebite Oil
ing-00-names=Snakebite Oil
ing-00-desc =A corrosive liquid with alchemical properties.

; B
ing-01-name =Shellac Powder
ing-01-names=Shellac Powder
ing-01-desc =A glossy resinous powder produced by insects.

; C
ing-02-name =Ammoniac Gum
ing-02-names=Ammoniac Gum
ing-02-desc =An acrid and foul-smelling plant resin that is used to make bitter medicine.

; D
ing-03-name =Catalyst
ing-03-names=Catalysts
ing-03-desc =A component that spurs on chemical reactions.

; E
ing-04-name =Cobbleweed Pod
ing-04-names=Cobbleweed Pods
ing-04-desc =A rock-like seed pod that bleeds a milky latex.

; F
ing-05-name =Distilled Water
ing-05-names=Distilled Water
ing-05-desc =The clearest of water, devoid of impurities.

; G
ing-06-name =Aloe Leaf
ing-06-names=Aloe Leaves
ing-06-desc =A fleshy, juice-filled leaf with many useful properties.

; H
ing-07-name =Mycoleather
ing-07-names=Mycoleather
ing-07-desc =A surprisingly sturdy and pliable vegetal leather made from mushroom caps.

; J
ing-08-name =Jammy Fruit
ing-08-names=Jammy Fruits
ing-08-desc =A fruit with flesh like jelly. Messy, yet deliciously sweet.

; K
ing-09-name =Sinewdle Fruit
ing-09-names=Sinewdle Fruits
ing-09-desc =A tough, inedible fruit with fibrous pulp, perfect for making thread.

; L
ing-10-name =Meteorite
ing-10-names=Meteorites
ing-10-desc =A shooting star fallen to earth, this cratered metal has otherworldly properties.

; M
ing-11-name =Dragonsblood Sap
ing-11-names=Dragonsblood Sap
ing-11-desc =A crimson liquid with the color and consistency of fresh blood.

; O
ing-12-name =Energized Crystal
ing-12-names=Energized Crystals
ing-12-desc =A crystal that sparks with limitless power.

; Q
ing-13-name =Angel Tears
ing-13-names=Angel Tears
ing-13-desc =A boon to soldiers everywhere, this flower blooms on battlefields and glows with a protective, healing light.

; R
ing-14-name =Dormant Crystal
ing-14-names=Dormant Crystals
ing-14-desc =A dull gray crystal with hidden power brimming just below the surface.

; S
ing-15-name =Coronal Plume
ing-15-names=Coronal Plumes
ing-15-desc =A purple, crown-emblazoned feather that represents the right to rule.

; T
ing-16-name =Cold Iron
ing-16-names=Cold Iron
ing-16-desc =Rare and difficult to work, this metal has many mystical properties.

; U
ing-17-name =Dark Core
ing-17-names=Dark Cores
ing-17-desc =An ancient phylactery that houses dark energies.

; V
ing-18-name =Quality Thread
ing-18-names=Quality Threads
ing-18-desc =A fine silk thread used in high-quality priests' garments.

; Y
ing-19-name =Adamant Ingot
ing-19-names=Adamant Ingots
ing-19-desc =A priceless legendary metal. Anything crafted of this metal will be of truly remarkable quality.

; Z
ing-20-name =Aegisite Ingot
ing-20-names=Aegisite Ingots
ing-20-desc =A metal with impressive deflective properties.

; AB
ing-21-name =Demon Leather
ing-21-names=Demon Leather
ing-21-desc =A skin worn by demon slayers, it repels the creatures of the dark.

; AC
ing-22-name =Platinum Thread
ing-22-names=Platinum Threads
ing-22-desc =This most precious of threads is used in the weaving of garments that transcend the limits of beauty.

; AD
ing-23-name =Mythical Leather
ing-23-names=Mythical Leather
ing-23-desc =Leather from a legendary creature, still brimming with its power.

; AE
ing-24-name =Diamond Thread
ing-24-names=Diamond Threads
ing-24-desc =An exceedingly resilient thread that never breaks down.

; AF
ing-25-name =Gold Thread
ing-25-names=Gold Threads
ing-25-desc =A fine chain of gold for making magic amulets.

; AG
ing-26-name =Godwood
ing-26-names=Godwood
ing-26-desc =Wood from the legendary godtree, used for making weapons that focus the wielder's strength to deific levels.

; Special
; Tarnished Locket
ing-27-name	=Tarnished Locket
ing-27-names=Tarnished Lockets
ing-27-desc	=This old locket has seen better days. It would need to be restored to be of any use.


; **** Badges ************
; Helper
badg-allows-access	=Allows a non-story unit to access the
; Badges
badg-00-name=Bone Crest
badg-00-desc={badg-allows-access} {SMED-Title} {jobterm}.

badg-01-name=Lord Crest
badg-01-desc={badg-allows-access} {LORD-Title} {jobterm}, a male martial {jobterm}.

badg-02-name=Princess Crest
badg-02-desc={badg-allows-access} {PRIN-Title} {jobterm}, a female magic-user {jobterm}.

badg-03-name=Lunar Crest
badg-03-desc={badg-allows-access} {WERE-Title} {jobterm}.

badg-04-name=Blood Crest
badg-04-desc={badg-allows-access} {VAMP-Title} {jobterm}.

badg-05-name=Phylactery
badg-05-desc={badg-allows-access} {LICH-Title} {jobterm}.


; **** Key Items ************
; Don't add key items to the game through mods. It will not work correctly as those are rely on special code most of the time.
; Helper
key-henge		=Henge Fragment
key-henges		=Henge Fragments
key-henge-desc	=This mysterious stone looks like a piece of a bigger ensemble.
key-boss		=Energy Fragment
key-obelisk		=Obelisk Clue

; Key Items
key-00-name={key-henge} 1
key-00-desc={key-henge-desc}

key-01-name={key-henge} 2
key-01-desc={key-henge-desc}

key-02-name={key-henge} 3
key-02-desc={key-henge-desc}

key-03-name={key-henge} 4
key-03-desc={key-henge-desc}

key-04-name={key-boss}
key-04-desc={key-henge-desc}

key-05-name=Medallion
key-05-desc=This is the original catalyst used to summon {ancient-beast} into {worldname}.


; Obelisk key items.
key-06-name={key-obelisk} 1
key-07-name={key-obelisk} 2
key-08-name={key-obelisk} 3
key-09-name={key-obelisk} 4
key-10-name={key-obelisk} 5
key-11-name={key-obelisk} 6
key-12-name={key-obelisk} 7
key-13-name={key-obelisk} 8

key-obelisk-desc=To those seeking access to the treasures of our old clan, make your way to the site of our most glorious and fated battle. 13 days it lasted and a mighty struggle it was, leaving the fields barren and sulfurous. Once the trip made, take your feet to the twin coordinates therein. Use our treasure wisely, that no 13 others have to suffer our fate.

key-14-name={key-boss}
key-14-desc=A fragment taken from {ancient-beast}.